# Design Document Template

This is the design document for house_postdoc. This has been autogenerated by SWE for Science kickstart generator - www.sweforscience.com - www.twitter.com/sweforscience.

## Overview

This is a repo for the class project for BIODS 253 (2021 winter). The task is to draw a house using python standard library "turtle graphics". Our team members are Binglan Li and Rikiya Yamashita.

## Background: 

N/A
### Motivations

N/A
### Other solutions

N/A
### Current Goals

1. We initialized this repo by using [SWE for Science](www.sweforscience.com).
1. Create python-cli that takes arbitorary number of windows, grage doors, doors, trees, and clouds as arguments (allow integer only for all arguments) and draws a nice looking house for the user.

Your house must have:
- At least 4 windows
- At least two garage doors
- At least one door
- At least two trees
- One or more clouds

### Non-Goals

1. We won't draw a castle.
1. We won't use Docker.
1. We won't host a web server.

### Future goals

1. Docker integration
1. Host an interactive web interface.

## Detailed Design

TBD
### User requirements

1. need to have a python=3.8 environment 
1. need to specify minimum and muximum number of objects.
- 4 <= windows <= _ (set a default value = 4)
- 2 <= garage doors <= _ (set a default value = 2)
- 1 <= doors <= _ (set a default value = 1)
- 2 <= trees <= _ (set a default value = 2)
- 1 <= clouds <= _ (set a default value = 1)

### New/changed data structures?

N/A

### What APIs will you use/change?

N/A
### Throughput/latency/cost/efficiency concerns?

N/A

### Data validation/what are potential error states?

Non-integer arguments -> Return error.

### Logging/monitoring/observability

N/A

### Security/Privacy

N/A
### What will you test?

TBD (depending of what functions we will implement)
## Third Party dependencies

We use python (version 3.8) and a standard library "turtle" to draw a house.

## Work Estimates

This project is due Feb 28.
## Alternative Approaches

N/A
## Related Work?

N/A
## Homework Logging

1. We have different ways of using python and python packages. 
- Binglan will use pyenv (and venv) for python=3.8.7 (Binglan's default version)
- Rikiya will use conda for python=3.8.5 (conda only allowed me to install 3.8.5, so we have a little compatibility issue here -> docker may be a good solution but will try to see how the current setting works)

1. Question from Rikiya: Are we going to use Makefile?

1. Next step is to
- Get familiar with turtle
- Draw an overview of our house in some shared doc (google slide, draw.io, etc.)?